L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/README.md, before:

# Setup instructions

```
cmsrel CMSSW_10_2_5
cd CMSSW_10_2_5/src/
cmsenv
git init
git config core.sparsecheckout true
touch .git/info/sparse-checkout
echo "/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT" >> .git/info/sparse-checkout
git remote add -t SimpleTracklet L1Trk https://github.com/L1Trk/SimpleTracklet.git
git fetch L1Trk SimpleTracklet
git checkout -b myBranch L1Trk/SimpleTracklet
```



# **Instructions below are from the main TMTT repo, not necessarily needed or correct for working with the SimpleTracklet code**



# Setup instructions to just run

To checkout and run, or if your modifications won't need to be put into the central repository, do:

```
cmsrel CMSSW_10_2_5
cd CMSSW_10_2_5/src
cmsenv

git cms-init
git remote add -t TMTT_1025 TMTT https://github.com/CMS-TMTT/cmssw.git
git fetch TMTT TMTT_1025
git cms-checkout-topic CMS-TMTT:TMTT_1025

scramv1 b -j 8

cd L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/
cmsRun tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py inputMC=MCsamples/937/RelVal/TTbar/PU200.txt Events=10
```

Note : In this example, the name of the remote repository is given the label TMTT.  However the ```git cms-checkout-topic``` commands (and related git cms-*-*) use the username of the remote repository (CMS-TMTT).
Note : that if you want to checkout other packages e.g. the tracklet software, which contains the ntuple maker, you should replace ```git cms-checkout-topic``` with ```git cms-merge-topic```

# Setup instructions for making modifications

Follow the above instructions.  At this point, you should be on a local branch called TMTT_1025.

Below is a simple example of making modifications, pushing them to your remote repository, and making a pull request back to the repository you want your changes to end up in.  In this example, we will use the following as the "central" repository (something equivalent of trunkSimpleCode9 in svn) : https://github.com/CMS-TMTT/cmssw.git . Follow the link, and fork the repository to your own account.  You then need to add your newly forked repository as a remote repository in your local working area, which we will call ```origin```:
```
git remote add origin <url>
```
You can get the url by clicking on "Clone or download" on the webpage for YOUR repository, and will be something like ```git@github.com:<GitHubUsername>/cmssw.git```

Lets change branch to one called "myChanges":
```
git checkout -b myChanges
```
Modify some files:
```
echo "#Hello World" >> L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
```
Check the status of your modifications:
```
git status
```
Which should show something like:
```
# On branch myChanges
# Changes not staged for commit:
#   (use "git add <file>..." to update what will be committed)
#   (use "git checkout -- <file>..." to discard changes in working directory)
#
#	modified:   L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
#
no changes added to commit (use "git add" and/or "git commit -a")
```
You can undo (revert) your changes (as explained in the message for ```git status```) with ```git checkout -- <file1> <file2> ...```
To see your modifications, you can do:
```
git diff L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
#or just
#git diff
```
Which should show something like:
```diff --git a/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py b/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
index 7b693b9..fc59e07 100644
--- a/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
+++ b/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
@@ -189,3 +189,4 @@ if options.outputDataset == 1:
   process.writeDataset.outputCommands.append('keep  *_TTAssociator*_TML1Tracks*_*')
 
   process.schedule = cms.Schedule(process.p, process.pa, process.pd)
+#Hello World
```
Add the files, and commit:
```
git add L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
git commit -m "Modification to tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg comfig file"
```
Doing ```git status``` will now show:
```
# On branch myChanges
nothing to commit, working directory clean
```
Now push these changes to your remote repository.
```
git push origin myChanges 
```
You are now ready to make a pull request back to the central repository.  Go the webpage for your remote repository, and you should see a box stating you have just pushed some changes to the myChanges branch, and gives the option to "Compare & pull request".  Make the pull request to merge your changes in the myChanges branch to CMS-TMTT/cmssw:TMTT_1025.

# Pull changes from the central TMTT repository
If changes (new commits) have been made to the central CMS-TMTT repository since you first checked it out, you can rebase your branch.  If you have any local changes, you need to ```git add``` and ```git commit``` them first.  Then do:
```
git pull --rebase TMTT TMTT_1025
```
You may have to resolve conflicts, in the usual git way.

Alternatively, if you don't want to commit your local changes, you can do ```git stash```, perform the rebase, and then ```git stash pop```.

# To run in a newer CMSSW release
The above repository was setup in CMSSW_10_2_5.  If you want to run our TMTT software in a newer release, e.g. CMSSW_10_3_0, the command above will attempt things like merging all the differences in all packages between CMSSW_10_2_5 and CMSSW_10_3_0.  This can be avoided by performing a ```git cms-rebase-topic```, or by manually performing a spare checkout.  For the former, you can then make a new branch of our software for the new CMSSW release

## Rebase
This example is moving from CMSSW_10_2_5 (the release the TMTT_1025 branch was created in) to CMSSW_10_3_0
```
cmsrel CMSSW_10_3_0
cd CMSSW_10_3_0/src
cmsenv

git cms-init
git cms-rebase-topic -o CMSSW_10_2_5 CMS-TMTT:TMTT_1025
```
You will end up on a branch called TMTT_1025, which will have our TMTT software on top of CMSSW_10_3_0.  You can change to a new branch e.g. TMTT_1025_10_3_0, and push the new branch to the remote repository (if you have permissions).  If this new CMSSW release and branch should become the "master" branch everyone should work from, then you should also update the recipes/documentation.

## Manual sparse-checkout
Here you tell git to only consider the TMTT directory when performing a checkout (which is similar in part is what the above checkout/merge topic commands do, as you don't need to checkout all of CMSSW).

The difference here is that if you make changes and a pull request, the pull request will be back to the CMS-TMTT:TMTT_1025 branch.
```
cmsrel CMSSW_10_3_0
cd CMSSW_10_3_0/src
cmsenv

git cms-init
git remote add -t TMTT_1025 TMTT git@github.com:CMS-TMTT/cmssw.git
git fetch TMTT TMTT_1025

echo "/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT" >> .git/info/sparse-checkout
echo "/TMTrackTrigger/MCsamples" >> .git/info/sparse-checkout

git checkout -b myChanges TMTT/TMTT_1025
```

Commit message:

Updated from lastest TMTT code and tidied up

L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/README.md, after:

# Setup instructions

```
cmsrel CMSSW_10_2_5
cd CMSSW_10_2_5/src/
cmsenv
git init
git config core.sparsecheckout true
touch .git/info/sparse-checkout
echo "/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT" >> .git/info/sparse-checkout
git remote add -t SimpleTracklet L1Trk https://github.com/L1Trk/SimpleTracklet.git
git fetch L1Trk SimpleTracklet
git checkout -b myBranch L1Trk/SimpleTracklet
```

# Running instructions
# This produces a histogram file Hist.root & prints a job summary output of tracking performance.
cd /L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/
cmsRun tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py

# Configuration.
# Switch between TMTT & Hybrid tracking by editing tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py.
# (Load TMTrackProducer_Ultimate_cff.py for TMTT or HybridTrackProducer_cff.py for Hybrid).



#==============================================================================================

# Instructions below are from the main TMTT repo, not necessarily needed or correct for 
# working with the SimpleTracklet code.

#=============================================================================================

# Setup instructions to just run

To checkout and run, or if your modifications won't need to be put into the central repository, do:

```
cmsrel CMSSW_10_2_5
cd CMSSW_10_2_5/src
cmsenv

git cms-init
git remote add -t TMTT_1025 TMTT https://github.com/CMS-TMTT/cmssw.git
git fetch TMTT TMTT_1025
git cms-checkout-topic CMS-TMTT:TMTT_1025

scramv1 b -j 8

cd L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/
cmsRun tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py inputMC=MCsamples/937/RelVal/TTbar/PU200.txt Events=10
```

Note : In this example, the name of the remote repository is given the label TMTT.  However the ```git cms-checkout-topic``` commands (and related git cms-*-*) use the username of the remote repository (CMS-TMTT).
Note : that if you want to checkout other packages e.g. the tracklet software, which contains the ntuple maker, you should replace ```git cms-checkout-topic``` with ```git cms-merge-topic```

# Setup instructions for making modifications

Follow the above instructions.  At this point, you should be on a local branch called TMTT_1025.

Below is a simple example of making modifications, pushing them to your remote repository, and making a pull request back to the repository you want your changes to end up in.  In this example, we will use the following as the "central" repository (something equivalent of trunkSimpleCode9 in svn) : https://github.com/CMS-TMTT/cmssw.git . Follow the link, and fork the repository to your own account.  You then need to add your newly forked repository as a remote repository in your local working area, which we will call ```origin```:
```
git remote add origin <url>
```
You can get the url by clicking on "Clone or download" on the webpage for YOUR repository, and will be something like ```git@github.com:<GitHubUsername>/cmssw.git```

Lets change branch to one called "myChanges":
```
git checkout -b myChanges
```
Modify some files:
```
echo "#Hello World" >> L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
```
Check the status of your modifications:
```
git status
```
Which should show something like:
```
# On branch myChanges
# Changes not staged for commit:
#   (use "git add <file>..." to update what will be committed)
#   (use "git checkout -- <file>..." to discard changes in working directory)
#
#	modified:   L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
#
no changes added to commit (use "git add" and/or "git commit -a")
```
You can undo (revert) your changes (as explained in the message for ```git status```) with ```git checkout -- <file1> <file2> ...```
To see your modifications, you can do:
```
git diff L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
#or just
#git diff
```
Which should show something like:
```diff --git a/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py b/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
index 7b693b9..fc59e07 100644
--- a/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
+++ b/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
@@ -189,3 +189,4 @@ if options.outputDataset == 1:
   process.writeDataset.outputCommands.append('keep  *_TTAssociator*_TML1Tracks*_*')
 
   process.schedule = cms.Schedule(process.p, process.pa, process.pd)
+#Hello World
```
Add the files, and commit:
```
git add L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT/test/tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg.py
git commit -m "Modification to tmtt_tf_analysis_cfg comfig file"
```
Doing ```git status``` will now show:
```
# On branch myChanges
nothing to commit, working directory clean
```
Now push these changes to your remote repository.
```
git push origin myChanges 
```
You are now ready to make a pull request back to the central repository.  Go the webpage for your remote repository, and you should see a box stating you have just pushed some changes to the myChanges branch, and gives the option to "Compare & pull request".  Make the pull request to merge your changes in the myChanges branch to CMS-TMTT/cmssw:TMTT_1025.

# Pull changes from the central TMTT repository
If changes (new commits) have been made to the central CMS-TMTT repository since you first checked it out, you can rebase your branch.  If you have any local changes, you need to ```git add``` and ```git commit``` them first.  Then do:
```
git pull --rebase TMTT TMTT_1025
```
You may have to resolve conflicts, in the usual git way.

Alternatively, if you don't want to commit your local changes, you can do ```git stash```, perform the rebase, and then ```git stash pop```.

# To run in a newer CMSSW release
The above repository was setup in CMSSW_10_2_5.  If you want to run our TMTT software in a newer release, e.g. CMSSW_10_3_0, the command above will attempt things like merging all the differences in all packages between CMSSW_10_2_5 and CMSSW_10_3_0.  This can be avoided by performing a ```git cms-rebase-topic```, or by manually performing a spare checkout.  For the former, you can then make a new branch of our software for the new CMSSW release

## Rebase
This example is moving from CMSSW_10_2_5 (the release the TMTT_1025 branch was created in) to CMSSW_10_3_0
```
cmsrel CMSSW_10_3_0
cd CMSSW_10_3_0/src
cmsenv

git cms-init
git cms-rebase-topic -o CMSSW_10_2_5 CMS-TMTT:TMTT_1025
```
You will end up on a branch called TMTT_1025, which will have our TMTT software on top of CMSSW_10_3_0.  You can change to a new branch e.g. TMTT_1025_10_3_0, and push the new branch to the remote repository (if you have permissions).  If this new CMSSW release and branch should become the "master" branch everyone should work from, then you should also update the recipes/documentation.

## Manual sparse-checkout
Here you tell git to only consider the TMTT directory when performing a checkout (which is similar in part is what the above checkout/merge topic commands do, as you don't need to checkout all of CMSSW).

The difference here is that if you make changes and a pull request, the pull request will be back to the CMS-TMTT:TMTT_1025 branch.
```
cmsrel CMSSW_10_3_0
cd CMSSW_10_3_0/src
cmsenv

git cms-init
git remote add -t TMTT_1025 TMTT git@github.com:CMS-TMTT/cmssw.git
git fetch TMTT TMTT_1025

echo "/L1Trigger/TrackFindingTMTT" >> .git/info/sparse-checkout
echo "/TMTrackTrigger/MCsamples" >> .git/info/sparse-checkout

git checkout -b myChanges TMTT/TMTT_1025
```
